14 ContributorsThe Boys (English Version) Lyrics[Refrain: All, Jessica]
I can tell you're looking at me, I know what you see
Any closer and you’ll feel the heat (GG)
You don't have to pretend that you didn't notice me
Every look will make it hard to breathe (T.R.X.)

[Breakdown: All, Tiffany]
Bring the boys out
(Yeah, you know)
B-bring the boys out
(We bring the boys out, we bring the boys out, yeah)
B-bring the boys out

[Verse 1: Taeyeon, Yoona, Tiffany]
Soon as I step on the scene
I know that they’ll be watching me, watching me (Get up)
I'ma be the hottest in this spot
There ain't no stopping me (That's funny), stopping me

[Pre-Chorus: Sunny, Seohyun, All]
I know life is a mystery
I'm gonna make history
I'm taking it from the start (Ah, ah, ah, ah)
Call all emergency
I'm watching the phone ring (Ah, ah)
I'm feeling this in my heart, my heart! (Ah, ah, ah)
B-bring the boys out
You might also like[Chorus: All, Yuri, Sooyoung]
Girls’ Generation make you feel the heat
And we’re doin' it, we can’t be beat
B-bring the boys out
We're born to win, better tell all your friends
'Cause we get it in, you know the girls
B-bring the boys out

[Verse 2: Jessica, Sunny]
Wanna know my secrets but no, I'll never tell
’Cause I got the magic touch and I'm not trying to fail
That's right (Yeah, fly high)
And I (You, fly high) can't deny
I know I can fly

[Pre-Chorus: Seohyun, Taeyeon, All, Tiffany]
I know life is a mystery (Yeah)
I'm gonna make history (Yeah)
I'm taking it from the start (Ah, ah, ah, ah)
Call all emergency (Yeah)
I'm watching the phone ring (Come on, come on)
I'm feeling this in my heart, my heart!
(Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha)
B-bring the boys out (Bring the boys out!)

[Chorus: All, Tiffany, Hyoyeon]
Girls' Generation make you feel the heat
And we're doin' it, we can't be beat
B-bring the boys out
We're born to win, better tell all your friends
'Cause we get it in, you know the girls
B-bring the boys out
[Interlude: All]
(Girls bring the boys out!)

[Verse 3: Yuri, Yoona, Hyoyeon, Sooyoung]
I wanna dance right now
We can show 'em how the girls get down
Yes, we go for more than zero
Number one, everyone should know, check this out!
All the boys, all the boys want my heart
Better know how to rock and don't stop
Oh gee, we make it so hot
Girls' Generation, we won't stop
(B-bring the boys out)

[Bridge: Jessica, Taeyeon, Taeyeon & Seohyun]
It's not a fantasy
This is right for me
Livin' it like a star
Can't get the best of me
I'mma be what I wanna be
This is deep in my heart, my heart!

[Refrain: All, Taeyeon, Seohyun]
I can tell you're looking at me, I know what you see
Any closer and you'll feel the heat
Bring the boys out (Just bring the boys out!)
You don't have to pretend that you didn't notice me
Every look will make it hard to breathe
Bring the boys out!
[Pre-Chorus: Jessica, Jessica & All]
'Cause the girls, bring the boys out
Girls, bring the boys out
Girls, bring the boys out
Girls, bring the boys out!

[Chorus: All, Sunny, Tiffany]
Girls' Generation make 'em feel the heat
And we're doin' it, we can't be beat
B-bring the boys out
We're born to win, better tell all your friends
'Cause we get it in, you know the girls
B-bring the boys out1Embed